Getting started sections (#2169)
giantswarm/docs: src/content/getting started/understand-options-for-connectivity/_index.md

---
title: Expose your app to the internet

> description: Use the platform capabilities to expose your application to the internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Make your application accessible from the outside using an ingress controller.
```

weight: 60
last_review_date: 2024-04-05
owner:
  - https://github.com/orgs/giantswarm/teams/sig-docs
user_questions:
  - How does basic connectivity work in the platform?
  - What are the options for service connectivity in the platform?
---

<!--
Explain how basic connectivity works (private vs public) through an example
Topics
- Private connectivity
- Public connectivity
- Default network policies
- Ingress and egress

> Maybe example of an application that needs to connect to a database to show how it works

Reviewer: Let's use the simplest possible example – a web server showing a simple "Hello world" page. I hope our hello-world app does just that (see [cluster-test-suites where we use hello-world](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Agiantswarm%2Fcluster-test-suites%20hello-world&type=code)).
